README.md, before:

## React Starter Kit — "[isomorphic](http://nerds.airbnb.com/isomorphic-javascript-future-web-apps/)" web app boilerplate &nbsp; <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kriasoft/react-starter-kit.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=3600" height="20"></a> <a href="https://twitter.com/ReactStarter"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ReactStarter.svg?style=social&label=Follow&maxAge=3600" height="20"></a>

[React Starter Kit](https://www.reactstarterkit.com) is an opinionated boilerplate for web
development built on top of [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/),
[Express](http://expressjs.com/), [GraphQL](http://graphql.org/) and
[React](https://facebook.github.io/react/), containing modern web development
tools such as [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/), [Babel](http://babeljs.io/)
and [Browsersync](http://www.browsersync.io/). Helping you to stay productive
following the best practices. A solid starting point for both professionals
and newcomers to the industry.

**See** [getting started guide](./docs/getting-started.md), [demo][demo],
[docs](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/master/docs),
[roadmap](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/projects/1) &nbsp;|&nbsp;
**Join** [#react-starter-kit][chat] chat room on Gitter &nbsp;|&nbsp;
**Visit our sponsors**:<br><br>

<p align="center" align="top">
  <a href="https://rollbar.com/?utm_source=reactstartkit(github)&amp;utm_medium=link&amp;utm_campaign=reactstartkit(github)"><img src="https://koistya.github.io/files/rollbar-362x72.png" height="36" align="top" /></a>
  <a href="https://x-team.com/hire-react-developers/?utm_source=reactstarterkit&amp;utm_medium=github-link&amp;utm_campaign=reactstarterkit-june"><img src="https://koistya.github.io/files/xteam-255x72.png" height="36" align="top" /></a>
  <sup><a href="https://x-team.com/join/?utm_source=reactstarterkit&utm_medium=github-link&utm_campaign=reactstarterkit-june">Hiring</a></sup>
</p>

### Getting Started

- Follow the [getting started guide](./docs/getting-started.md) to download and run the project
  ([Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) >= 6.5)
- Check the [code recipes](./docs/recipes) used in this boilerplate, or share yours

### Customization

The `master` branch of React Starter Kit doesn't include a Flux implementation or any other
advanced integrations. Nevertheless, we have some integrations available to you in _feature_
branches that you can use either as a reference or merge into your project:

- [feature/redux](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/feature/redux) ([PR](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1084))
  — isomorphic Redux by [Pavel Lang](https://github.com/langpavel)
  (see [how to integrate Redux](./docs/recipes/how-to-integrate-redux.md)) (based on `master`)
- [feature/apollo](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/feature/apollo) ([PR](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1147))
  — isomorphic Apollo Client by [Pavel Lang](https://github.com/langpavel)
  (see [Tracking PR #1147](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1147)) (based on `feature/redux`)
- [feature/react-intl](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/feature/react-intl) ([PR](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1135))
  — isomorphic Redux and React Intl by [Pavel Lang](https://github.com/langpavel)
  (see [how to integrate React Intl](./docs/recipes/how-to-integrate-react-intl.md)) (based on `feature/apollo`)
- [feature/apollo-pure](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/feature/apollo-pure) ([PR](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1664))
  — bare Apollo codebase by [piglovesyou](https://github.com/piglovesyou) (based on `master`)

You can see status of most reasonable merge combination as [PRs labeled as `TRACKING`](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/labels/TRACKING)

If you think that any of these features should be on `master`, or vice versa, some features should
removed from the `master` branch, please [let us know](https://gitter.im/kriasoft/react-starter-kit).
We love your feedback!

### Comparison

<table width="100%">
  <tr>
    <th>&nbsp;</th>
    <th>
      <p>React Starter Kit</p>
      <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kriasoft/react-starter-kit.svg?style=social&label=~react-starter-kit" height="20"></a>
      <a href="https://twitter.com/ReactStarter"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ReactStarter.svg?style=social&label=@ReactStarter" height="20"></a>
    </th>
    <th>
      <p>React Static Boilerplate</p>
      <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/react-static-boilerplate"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kriasoft/react-static-boilerplate.svg?style=social&label=~react-static-boilerplate" height="20"></a>
      <a href="https://twitter.com/ReactStatic"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ReactStatic.svg?style=social&label=@ReactStatic" height="20"></a>
    </th>
    <th>
      <p>ASP.NET Core Starter Kit</p>
      <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/aspnet-starter-kit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kriasoft/aspnet-starter-kit.svg?style=social&label=~aspnet-starter-kit" height="20"></a>
      <a href="https://twitter.com/dotnetreact"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/dotnetreact.svg?style=social&label=@dotnetreact" height="20"></a>
    </th>
  <tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">App type</th>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://nerds.airbnb.com/isomorphic-javascript-future-web-apps/">Isomorphic</a> (universal)</td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application">Single-page application</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application">Single-page application</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="4">Frontend</th>
  <tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Language</th>
    <td align="center">JavaScript (ES2015+, JSX)</td>
    <td align="center">JavaScript (ES2015+, JSX)</td>
    <td align="center">JavaScript (ES2015+, JSX)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Libraries</th>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react">React</a>,
      <a href="https://github.com/ReactJSTraining/history">History</a>,
      <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/universal-router">Universal Router</a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react">React</a>,
      <a href="https://github.com/ReactJSTraining/history">History</a>,
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react">React</a>,
      <a href="https://github.com/ReactJSTraining/history">History</a>,
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Routes</th>
    <td align="center">Imperative (functional)</td>
    <td align="center">Declarative</td>
    <td align="center">Declarative, cross-stack</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="4">Backend</th>
  <tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Language</th>
    <td align="center">JavaScript (ES2015+, JSX)</td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
    <td align="center">C#, F#</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Libraries</th>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://nodejs.org">Node.js</a>,
      <a href="http://expressjs.com/">Express</a>,
      <a href="http://docs.sequelizejs.com/en/latest/">Sequelize</a>,<br>
      <a href="https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js">GraphQL</a></td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://docs.asp.net/en/latest/">ASP.NET Core</a>,
      <a href="https://ef.readthedocs.io/en/latest/">EF Core</a>,<br>
      <a href="https://docs.asp.net/en/latest/security/authentication/identity.html">ASP.NET Identity</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right"><a href="https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-tradeoffs-of-client-side-rendering-vs-server-side-rendering">SSR</a></th>
    <td align="center">Yes</td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Data API</th>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://graphql.org/">GraphQL</a></td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://docs.asp.net/en/latest/tutorials/first-web-api.html">Web API</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Backers

♥ React Starter Kit? Help us keep it alive by donating funds to cover project
expenses via [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/react-starter-kit) or
[Bountysource](https://salt.bountysource.com/teams/react-starter-kit)!

<a href="http://www.nekst.me/" target="_blank" title="lehneres">
  <img src="https://github.com/lehneres.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="lehneres">
</a>
<a href="http://www.vidpanel.com/" target="_blank" title="Tarkan Anlar">
  <img src="https://github.com/tarkanlar.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="Tarkan Anlar">
</a>
<a href="https://morten.olsen.io/" target="_blank" title="Morten Olsen">
  <img src="https://github.com/mortenolsendk.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="Morten Olsen">
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/adamthomann" target="_blank" title="Adam">
  <img src="https://github.com/athomann.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="Adam">
</a>
<a href="http://dsernst.com/" target="_blank" title="David Ernst">
  <img src="https://github.com/dsernst.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="David Ernst">
</a>
<a href="http://zanehitchcox.com/" target="_blank" title="Zane Hitchcox">
  <img src="https://github.com/zwhitchcox.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="Zane Hitchcox">
</a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-starter-kit" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://opencollective.com/static/images/become_backer.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="">
</a>

### How to Contribute

Anyone and everyone is welcome to [contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md) to this project. The best way to
start is by checking our [open issues](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/issues),
[submit a new issue](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/issues/new?labels=bug) or
[feature request](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/issues/new?labels=enhancement),
participate in discussions, upvote or downvote the issues you like or dislike, send [pull
requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests).

### Learn More

- [Getting Started with React.js](http://facebook.github.io/react/)
- [Getting Started with GraphQL and Relay](https://quip.com/oLxzA1gTsJsE)
- [React.js Questions on StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/reactjs)
- [React.js Discussion Board](https://discuss.reactjs.org/)
- [Flux Architecture for Building User Interfaces](http://facebook.github.io/flux/)
- [Enzyme — JavaScript Testing utilities for React](http://airbnb.io/enzyme/)
- [Flow — A static type checker for JavaScript](http://flowtype.org/)
- [The Future of React](https://github.com/reactjs/react-future)
- [Learn ES6](https://babeljs.io/docs/learn-es6/), [ES6 Features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features#readme)

### Related Projects

- [GraphQL Starter Kit](https://github.com/kriasoft/graphql-starter-kit) — Boilerplate for building data APIs with Node.js, JavaScript (via Babel) and GraphQL
- [Membership Database](https://github.com/membership/membership.db) — SQL schema boilerplate for user accounts, profiles, roles, and auth claims
- [Babel Starter Kit](https://github.com/kriasoft/babel-starter-kit) — Boilerplate for authoring JavaScript/React.js libraries

### Support

- [#react-starter-kit](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/react-starter-kit) on Stack Overflow — Questions and answers
- [#react-starter-kit](https://gitter.im/kriasoft/react-starter-kit) on Gitter — Watch announcements, share ideas and feedback
- [GitHub issues](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/issues), or [Scrum board](https://waffle.io/kriasoft/react-starter-kit) — File issues, send feature requests
- [appear.in/react](https://appear.in/react) — Open hours! Exchange ideas and experiences (React, GraphQL, startups and pet projects)
- [@koistya](https://twitter.com/koistya) on [Codementor](https://www.codementor.io/koistya), or [Skype](http://hatscripts.com/addskype?koistya) — Private consulting

### License

Copyright © 2014-present Kriasoft, LLC. This source code is licensed under the MIT
license found in the [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
file. The documentation to the project is licensed under the
[CC BY-SA 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license.

---

Made with ♥ by Konstantin Tarkus ([@koistya](https://twitter.com/koistya)) and [contributors](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/graphs/contributors)

[rsk]: https://www.reactstarterkit.com
[demo]: http://demo.reactstarterkit.com
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[chat]: https://gitter.im/kriasoft/react-starter-kit

Commit message:

Apply RSK@piglovesyou
* Pure Apollo support based on kriasoft/react-starter-kit:feature/apollo-pure
* Bootstrap and Theming support
* Notification integration

README.md, after:

# RSK@piglovesyou [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/piglovesyou/react-starter-kit.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/piglovesyou/react-starter-kit)

This is a customized version of React Starter Kit with additional features:

<img align="right" src="image.jpg">

- Pure Apollo support based on [kriasoft/react-starter-kit:feature/apollo-pure](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/feature/apollo-pure)
- Bootstrap and Theming support
- Notification integration

---

## React Starter Kit — "[isomorphic](http://nerds.airbnb.com/isomorphic-javascript-future-web-apps/)" web app boilerplate &nbsp; <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kriasoft/react-starter-kit.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=3600" height="20"></a> <a href="https://twitter.com/ReactStarter"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ReactStarter.svg?style=social&label=Follow&maxAge=3600" height="20"></a>

[React Starter Kit](https://www.reactstarterkit.com) is an opinionated boilerplate for web
development built on top of [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/),
[Express](http://expressjs.com/), [GraphQL](http://graphql.org/) and
[React](https://facebook.github.io/react/), containing modern web development
tools such as [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/), [Babel](http://babeljs.io/)
and [Browsersync](http://www.browsersync.io/). Helping you to stay productive
following the best practices. A solid starting point for both professionals
and newcomers to the industry.

**See** [getting started guide](./docs/getting-started.md), [demo][demo],
[docs](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/master/docs),
[roadmap](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/projects/1) &nbsp;|&nbsp;
**Join** [#react-starter-kit][chat] chat room on Gitter &nbsp;|&nbsp;
**Visit our sponsors**:<br><br>

<p align="center" align="top">
  <a href="https://rollbar.com/?utm_source=reactstartkit(github)&amp;utm_medium=link&amp;utm_campaign=reactstartkit(github)"><img src="https://koistya.github.io/files/rollbar-362x72.png" height="36" align="top" /></a>
  <a href="https://x-team.com/hire-react-developers/?utm_source=reactstarterkit&amp;utm_medium=github-link&amp;utm_campaign=reactstarterkit-june"><img src="https://koistya.github.io/files/xteam-255x72.png" height="36" align="top" /></a>
  <sup><a href="https://x-team.com/join/?utm_source=reactstarterkit&utm_medium=github-link&utm_campaign=reactstarterkit-june">Hiring</a></sup>
</p>

### Getting Started

- Follow the [getting started guide](./docs/getting-started.md) to download and run the project
  ([Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) >= 6.5)
- Check the [code recipes](./docs/recipes) used in this boilerplate, or share yours

### Customization

The `master` branch of React Starter Kit doesn't include a Flux implementation or any other
advanced integrations. Nevertheless, we have some integrations available to you in _feature_
branches that you can use either as a reference or merge into your project:

- [feature/redux](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/feature/redux) ([PR](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1084))
  — isomorphic Redux by [Pavel Lang](https://github.com/langpavel)
  (see [how to integrate Redux](./docs/recipes/how-to-integrate-redux.md)) (based on `master`)
- [feature/apollo](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/feature/apollo) ([PR](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1147))
  — isomorphic Apollo Client by [Pavel Lang](https://github.com/langpavel)
  (see [Tracking PR #1147](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1147)) (based on `feature/redux`)
- [feature/react-intl](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/feature/react-intl) ([PR](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1135))
  — isomorphic Redux and React Intl by [Pavel Lang](https://github.com/langpavel)
  (see [how to integrate React Intl](./docs/recipes/how-to-integrate-react-intl.md)) (based on `feature/apollo`)
- [feature/apollo-pure](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/tree/feature/apollo-pure) ([PR](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/pull/1664))
  — bare Apollo codebase by [piglovesyou](https://github.com/piglovesyou) (based on `master`)

You can see status of most reasonable merge combination as [PRs labeled as `TRACKING`](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/labels/TRACKING)

If you think that any of these features should be on `master`, or vice versa, some features should
removed from the `master` branch, please [let us know](https://gitter.im/kriasoft/react-starter-kit).
We love your feedback!

### Comparison

<table width="100%">
  <tr>
    <th>&nbsp;</th>
    <th>
      <p>React Starter Kit</p>
      <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kriasoft/react-starter-kit.svg?style=social&label=~react-starter-kit" height="20"></a>
      <a href="https://twitter.com/ReactStarter"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ReactStarter.svg?style=social&label=@ReactStarter" height="20"></a>
    </th>
    <th>
      <p>React Static Boilerplate</p>
      <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/react-static-boilerplate"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kriasoft/react-static-boilerplate.svg?style=social&label=~react-static-boilerplate" height="20"></a>
      <a href="https://twitter.com/ReactStatic"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ReactStatic.svg?style=social&label=@ReactStatic" height="20"></a>
    </th>
    <th>
      <p>ASP.NET Core Starter Kit</p>
      <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/aspnet-starter-kit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kriasoft/aspnet-starter-kit.svg?style=social&label=~aspnet-starter-kit" height="20"></a>
      <a href="https://twitter.com/dotnetreact"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/dotnetreact.svg?style=social&label=@dotnetreact" height="20"></a>
    </th>
  <tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">App type</th>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://nerds.airbnb.com/isomorphic-javascript-future-web-apps/">Isomorphic</a> (universal)</td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application">Single-page application</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application">Single-page application</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="4">Frontend</th>
  <tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Language</th>
    <td align="center">JavaScript (ES2015+, JSX)</td>
    <td align="center">JavaScript (ES2015+, JSX)</td>
    <td align="center">JavaScript (ES2015+, JSX)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Libraries</th>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react">React</a>,
      <a href="https://github.com/ReactJSTraining/history">History</a>,
      <a href="https://github.com/kriasoft/universal-router">Universal Router</a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react">React</a>,
      <a href="https://github.com/ReactJSTraining/history">History</a>,
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react">React</a>,
      <a href="https://github.com/ReactJSTraining/history">History</a>,
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Routes</th>
    <td align="center">Imperative (functional)</td>
    <td align="center">Declarative</td>
    <td align="center">Declarative, cross-stack</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="4">Backend</th>
  <tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Language</th>
    <td align="center">JavaScript (ES2015+, JSX)</td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
    <td align="center">C#, F#</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Libraries</th>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://nodejs.org">Node.js</a>,
      <a href="http://expressjs.com/">Express</a>,
      <a href="http://docs.sequelizejs.com/en/latest/">Sequelize</a>,<br>
      <a href="https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js">GraphQL</a></td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://docs.asp.net/en/latest/">ASP.NET Core</a>,
      <a href="https://ef.readthedocs.io/en/latest/">EF Core</a>,<br>
      <a href="https://docs.asp.net/en/latest/security/authentication/identity.html">ASP.NET Identity</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right"><a href="https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-tradeoffs-of-client-side-rendering-vs-server-side-rendering">SSR</a></th>
    <td align="center">Yes</td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align="right">Data API</th>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://graphql.org/">GraphQL</a></td>
    <td align="center">n/a</td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://docs.asp.net/en/latest/tutorials/first-web-api.html">Web API</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Backers

♥ React Starter Kit? Help us keep it alive by donating funds to cover project
expenses via [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/react-starter-kit) or
[Bountysource](https://salt.bountysource.com/teams/react-starter-kit)!

<a href="http://www.nekst.me/" target="_blank" title="lehneres">
  <img src="https://github.com/lehneres.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="lehneres">
</a>
<a href="http://www.vidpanel.com/" target="_blank" title="Tarkan Anlar">
  <img src="https://github.com/tarkanlar.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="Tarkan Anlar">
</a>
<a href="https://morten.olsen.io/" target="_blank" title="Morten Olsen">
  <img src="https://github.com/mortenolsendk.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="Morten Olsen">
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/adamthomann" target="_blank" title="Adam">
  <img src="https://github.com/athomann.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="Adam">
</a>
<a href="http://dsernst.com/" target="_blank" title="David Ernst">
  <img src="https://github.com/dsernst.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="David Ernst">
</a>
<a href="http://zanehitchcox.com/" target="_blank" title="Zane Hitchcox">
  <img src="https://github.com/zwhitchcox.png?size=64" width="64" height="64" alt="Zane Hitchcox">
</a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-starter-kit" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://opencollective.com/static/images/become_backer.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="">
</a>

### How to Contribute

Anyone and everyone is welcome to [contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md) to this project. The best way to
start is by checking our [open issues](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/issues),
[submit a new issue](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/issues/new?labels=bug) or
[feature request](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/issues/new?labels=enhancement),
participate in discussions, upvote or downvote the issues you like or dislike, send [pull
requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests).

### Learn More

- [Getting Started with React.js](http://facebook.github.io/react/)
- [Getting Started with GraphQL and Relay](https://quip.com/oLxzA1gTsJsE)
- [React.js Questions on StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/reactjs)
- [React.js Discussion Board](https://discuss.reactjs.org/)
- [Flux Architecture for Building User Interfaces](http://facebook.github.io/flux/)
- [Enzyme — JavaScript Testing utilities for React](http://airbnb.io/enzyme/)
- [Flow — A static type checker for JavaScript](http://flowtype.org/)
- [The Future of React](https://github.com/reactjs/react-future)
- [Learn ES6](https://babeljs.io/docs/learn-es6/), [ES6 Features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features#readme)

### Related Projects

- [GraphQL Starter Kit](https://github.com/kriasoft/graphql-starter-kit) — Boilerplate for building data APIs with Node.js, JavaScript (via Babel) and GraphQL
- [Membership Database](https://github.com/membership/membership.db) — SQL schema boilerplate for user accounts, profiles, roles, and auth claims
- [Babel Starter Kit](https://github.com/kriasoft/babel-starter-kit) — Boilerplate for authoring JavaScript/React.js libraries

### Support

- [#react-starter-kit](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/react-starter-kit) on Stack Overflow — Questions and answers
- [#react-starter-kit](https://gitter.im/kriasoft/react-starter-kit) on Gitter — Watch announcements, share ideas and feedback
- [GitHub issues](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/issues), or [Scrum board](https://waffle.io/kriasoft/react-starter-kit) — File issues, send feature requests
- [appear.in/react](https://appear.in/react) — Open hours! Exchange ideas and experiences (React, GraphQL, startups and pet projects)
- [@koistya](https://twitter.com/koistya) on [Codementor](https://www.codementor.io/koistya), or [Skype](http://hatscripts.com/addskype?koistya) — Private consulting

### License

Copyright © 2014-present Kriasoft, LLC. This source code is licensed under the MIT
license found in the [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
file. The documentation to the project is licensed under the
[CC BY-SA 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license.

---

Made with ♥ by Konstantin Tarkus ([@koistya](https://twitter.com/koistya)) and [contributors](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/graphs/contributors)

[rsk]: https://www.reactstarterkit.com
[demo]: http://demo.reactstarterkit.com
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[chat]: https://gitter.im/kriasoft/react-starter-kit
